>> Mike North: All right, so
that was on node, Chrome is very similar.
So we create a launch configuration here,
this is not attach, this is launch.
That's already exist in your project,
don't worry about copying this in.
And essentially,
this lets us just create a new Chrome, and
to attach to it immediately.
So we can launch this the same time as
our node debugger, Let me show you.
I'm gonna go launch Chrome, and
then boom, and there it is.
Now you'll note, I don't,
I have some Chrome extensions installed.
This has no Chrome extensions here.
It's a nice, clean,
standard environment set up.
And if we were to set up,
>> Mike North: A break
point,
>> Mike North: Like
here.
>> Mike North: That's not a line
of code here, have it in the constructor.
>> Mike North: Let's kill this.
>> Mike North: All right, start up Chrome,
>> Mike North: Stop there, for
some reason, and there we go.
Now, you'll note that in this
debugger thing, this is new.
So I can go between like, my Chrome and
my node, and if we look at the call stack,
you'll see I've got two
different top level trees here.
So, this isn't just multiple threads,
these are multiple processes,
multiple Java Script run times,
all in one environment here.
And it's all based on one project, and
so, in terms of finding the files and
things, we can just set break points in
one spot, and then like advance, and then,
maybe our server side debugger.
We'll pick up on others when we hit them,
it is pretty nice.
And of course, we can reorder
all this stuff quite nicely.
So, you would be hard pressed to find this
kind of thing built into a browser, right?
Browsers are generally are not
gonna be able to say, yeah,
you can debug this thing that's
running in me right now.
And simultaneously, connect to node and
show it all in one window that's
seamlessly, tied to your source code.
Not to rip on Chrome, but
that's like, they're a Web browser,
not a full scale, like,
editing environment.